update upgrade instructions (#1746)
NativeScript/docs: docs/releases/upgrade-instructions.md

tns update 2.3.0
```

> > **Note:** The command `tns update` is updating the `tns-core-modules`, `nativescript-dev-webpack`, and the runtimes (`tns-android` and `tns-ios`). The command is combining the next two commands in this article (`tns platform add` and `npm i tns-core-modules`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The command `tns update` is updating the `tns-core-modules`, `nativescript-dev-webpack`, and the runtimes (`tns-android` and `tns-ios`). The command is combining the next three commands in this article (`tns platform add`, `npm i tns-core-modules` and `npm i nativescript-dev-webpack --save-dev`).
```

### Updating Webpack configuration

> When upgrading an existing version of the Webpack plugin with `tns update` command, you should consider that the related development dependencies also have to be updated accordingly. To ease the process, the plugin provides an automated script for that purpose called `update-ns-webpack` located in `<project-folder>/node_modules/.bin` folder. The script comes with two flags:

Reviewer: Not sure if it is a good idea to have this "When upgrading an existing version of the Webpack plugin with `tns update` command, you should consider that the related development dependencies also have to be updated accordingly. To ease the process, the plugin provides an automated script for that purpose called `update-ns-webpack`" as a second note and link to the section on the page (if we decide to keep both webpack sections)

./node_modules/.bin/update-app-ng-deps
npm i

> ```

Reviewer: We can keep this section (after Upgrading TNS modules) as we explain both `tns update` and the separate steps
